Streaming by ARCloud Api
Special Thanks to:- Umair Al-Hasan
Thanks to:- Romi Rasil
Watch:- SPY x FAMILY CODE: White
Have you heard about Mrs. Hazel?
Arrested on suspicion of being a spy.
He said he leaked information about
Rogers Development Bank to Westalis.
If so, it certainly attracts attention.
State Security Agency.
Our beloved Ostania will not be afraid
with such threats.
It looks like you've had too much to drink.
You should lie down for a while.
Stay cool.
At most he's having fun too.
We have also heard
regarding the scandal of President Bernard.
Scandal?
Can you tell me,
what is the scandal?
Of course, the night is still long.
Please take a break for a while.
I'm a little drunk.
Are you alone?
Now it's just the two of us.
Let's go, I want to eat.
the sweet ones.
Good afternoon, or maybe good evening.
The layout of the missile placement
I have got it.
With this imbalance of power
East and West were successfully prevented.
The man's name was Loid,
codename: Twilight.
A spy from
Westalis Intelligence Department.
Of course, I have completed the mission.
perfectly.
Kill him!
Our opponent is only one!
Who are you?!
Who exactly are you, you bastard?!
Is it true that you are Manager Cassado?
from Surfoka Aviation Industry?
I heard you are
trash traitors to the country...
...who sold weapons to Westalis.
I apologize profusely...
But may I stop your breath?
The woman's name is Yor.
In that world, he is a brilliant assassin.
who is called Thorn Princess.
Spy and assassin
which are equally brilliant.
They both...
Ah, welcome, Yor.
Thank you also for your work
at the Hospital, Loid.
...are a married couple.
- However, it was a fake marriage...
- You look tired, Yor.
- ...for the sake of her husband's mission...
- Many guests attended.
- ...and cover up the wife's identity.
- Visitor?
- Ah, like this...
- They don't know each other either...
- Because I'm on guard for public service.
- ...each other's true identity.
- Wow, civil servants always work hard too, huh.
Welcome, Dad, Mom!
The girl's name is Anya.
An orphan adopted for a mission.
- He also has a secret.
- We're home, Anya.
Have you been a good boy?
Hidden camera movies
I have to process it before tomorrow morning.
Hidden camera?!
Cool spy!
Exciting!
He is a mind reading esper.
Phew, thank goodness I can go home
before dinner.
Today I was pelted with grenades and
shot at by anti-tank rockets, very tired.
Big fight before dinner?!
You must be hungry,
How about I make you an omelet tonight?
The dog's name is Bond,
this family pet.
And is a test animal
who can predict the future.
If you let Mom cook,
it will be a family disaster!
Anya wants to have dinner
That's just what Dad made.
That one?
You mean peanut cream pizza?
Yes, that one!
That's also okay.
Okay, tonight will be
I added meat on top.
Meat, meat, hooray!
Cooking class?
That's right, Anya Forger.
Snack making class
is our school tradition.
Damn, what do you know?
What a natural shrimp brain.
What's wrong with that?
The important thing is to be able to make it
delicious snack, right?
Anya likes snacks.
Not eaten, but made.
Do you understand?
At most he can only make
commoner's snack.
Stupid, how can he do that?
food that humans can eat?
That's right, Mr. Damian.
Exactly right.
The second son is rude.
Not elegant.
Stop talking.
Scolded, it was the second son's fault.
Shut up! You...
This year the principal
who will assess directly.
Last year's winner gets a Stella.
Stella...
At the prestigious Eden Academy,
students who excel...
...will get an award
named Stella.
Students who can collect 8 Stella...
...will be allowed to attend the event
a social gathering place for the elite.
Operation Strix
which was handed over to Twilight.
Is entering the event...
...and approached Donovan Desmond,
important Ostanian politicians were present there.
That's why
he created a fake family...
...and send his daughter to school,
Anya is there.
Classes are held on Mondays at 2:00 p.m.
You can make any snack.
Prepare everything carefully,
and cook elegantly.
Monday at 14.00.
That means you have to practice cooking
on the weekend.
Password F?
Good afternoon,
or maybe good night, Agent Twilight.
What's up this time, Handler?
I want you to do
new infiltration task.
There is not enough time
for a task of this magnitude.
I'm busy with Operation Strix.
Just forget about it.
That's Major Depple
from the Army Intelligence Agency.
He will be the one to continue Operation Strix.
He is an incompetent man.
Desmond is a cautious man.
Depple's skills and experience
not enough for this mission.
The risks are too great.
I think so too.
But this is the decision of the central headquarters.
Depple has supporters
from important people on the committee.
The top brass couldn't refuse
in order to get a budget.
If only we had
little development,
can be used as material to refute.
How do they know the situation on the ground?
How critical stability is
between East and West.
Please.
Thank You.
He thought he wouldn't get caught cheating.
That's right.
Please.
WHY IS SENIOR TWILIGHT HERE?
Thank you very much, Mr. Kind.
HOW IS OPERATION STRIX PROGRESSING?
How should I thank you?
BETWEEN AGENTS ARE NOT ALLOWED
No need to think about it.
DIGGING UP EACH OTHER'S MISSIONS, NIGHTFALL.
Your hat is very beautiful.
By separating the pronunciation
and the shape of their mouths,
spies can talk
without being suspected by others.
AS I SAID BEFORE
This is an imported item,
IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO CREATE A FAKE FAMILY WITH AMATEURS
I pay close attention to the ingredients.
Because this is a rare item
which is hard to get,
I BETTER REPLACE HIS WIFE'S ROLE NOW
I got it from a colleague.
Loid?
He just k-kissed with a woman?!
Brother Yor, did you hear that?
Oh yes?
What were we talking about?
About cheating.
Have an affair?
Cheating has 3 signs.
One, often out of town.
It's even more suspicious if you stay overnight.
Two, her taste in clothes changed.
To match with his mistress.
Three, sudden gifts.
It must be because I feel guilty.
Easy to guess.
Is that true?
That's right.
All my friends are divorced
said exactly that.
Released from Operation Strix.
That means I have to get out of here.
Who do you think that woman is?
Loid's lover?
If that's true, why are you asking me?
to be his wife?
Don't tell me you want to replace me
as Mother Anya with someone else?
Am I really that incompetent?
become a wife and mother?!
Anya is back!
I got a special mission file from school.
Cooking class?
Friends will make snacks
to get first place.
Eh, there is a class like that apparently.
If you can get Stella here,
could be the progress of Operation Strix.
Handler can object
Headquarters with it.
Becky wants to make some kind of cake,
The second son said something like that.
This year the judges are the school principals.
If I'm not mistaken there is a file
about his favorite food...
How about making a memere?
Remember?
He said it was the principal's favorite.
That's great to know.
I saw it in a school newspaper article.
Meremere from Phrygis,
His hometown is said to be the nicest.
Anya wants to try eating it!
But it's an old snack, rarely available here.
According to the files, there is a restaurant in Frigis
which sells unique meremere.
How about we go to Frigis?
If you are aiming for first place,
better try the original one.
It's a bit far if you go on the weekend.
there will still be time.
Want to!
Want to stay overnight?
One, often out of town.
Does this count as out of town?
Sign of cheating? But...
Snacks! Snacks!
We're not going to go fooling around, understand?
Execute.
Legendary Meremere
I will definitely get it. Cring!
Not legendary,
can be purchased at the restaurant.
What's your weekend plan, Yor?
Hey, am I coming too?
I heard that the restaurant has a rule.
can only be entered by complete families.
If I come too,
does this mean it's not a sign?
Do you have an agenda?
N-No, I'm empty.
Good then.
Let's go to Phrygis.
- Good!
- Hooray!
Anya hates studying.
You've just been taught, right?
In order to get Stella, the basic ability
academics must be improved.
Dad, I want to go to the toilet.
Can you go alone?
Can!
Base.
What's this?
The coveted treasure
by Republicans.
As long as you have that...
Treasure?
Is this the key to the treasure?
Exciting!
The writing should be readable, of course.
Not long ago I accompanied him
learn to write.
Anya has tried hard.
It's been a long time, hopefully I don't get lost on the way.
Yor is used to it
be a mother now.
Ah, not really.
Eh, I think Loid is not satisfied
with my mother's role?
Maybe, he is not satisfied
with the role of my wife?!
Yor?
It's true that I have a lot
shortcomings as a wife.
What's wrong with your lips?
My-My lipstick doesn't seem to match,
so it's a bit itchy.
Besides that, Anya took a long time too.
I'm worried, let me take a look.
Our status as a married couple is just a cover.
Loid should understand that too.
What I saw earlier was number 8.
This is the place I saw earlier!
Treasure!
Wait, Anya.
It's not good to open other people's things.
The coveted treasure
by Republicans.
In fact, it could be the contents
can endanger world peace.
This is a patrol for world peace!
Chocolate?
It turns out it's not a secret item.
You stupid.
Yummy, yummy.
Luca, you could be killed by the Colonel,
if the key is lost.
As my horoscope says,
must be careful of losing things.
What I know,
there is in the suitcase with a ship sticker.
Just pry it off and it's done.
What does this mean?
6... 7... 8...
From the number, it should be here.
Is that true?
Our agent
It took a lot of trouble to steal it, you know.
They said it took 3 years to infiltrate
in a Western research lab?
Wow, that's heavy.
Because this is the treasure that is desired
Republicans.
As long as there is that, East-West balance
can be turned around in one moment.
We finally made it
creating the best chocolate in Westalis!
I am a subordinate of
Count Hands from the Throat!
The best chocolate is mine!
Hereby our country's chocolate
will be more delicious and sell well!
No! The Western chocolate industry is over!
A gang of pickpockets targeting chocolate?
They are bad people?
Here it is, a suitcase with stickers.
It's opened...
Hey, it's empty inside!
Domitri, this is the key I dropped.
So someone picked up the key
and take its contents.
Who is that?
How would I know?
What do you want now?
We'll find the person and take him back.
Then, so as not to be caught,
we kill him.
Killed?!
Who's that?!
Come on out!
My flower forecast
already know you're hiding.
We'll chase him.
Small child?
The kid who ate it?
It's dangerous if there are eye witnesses,
So I locked the door.
Father mother!
It's useless. Even though it sounds,
the door won't open.
Mom!
Anya?!
Who are they?
Uh, uh...
You are this child's mother?
He has eaten...
Chocolate thieves! They are bad guys!
Anya is about to be harmed.
Tch, what a bother.
Let's just arrest them both.
Well, Mom...
Anya, please close your eyes.
It's safe now, Anya.
Um... They both...
Just fell over.
Anya just now
stop the ambitions of evil people?
Wow!
Let's go. Let's finish the objective first.
T-That's true.
Let's go, Anya, Bond.
What are you guys doing?!
Report to the Colonel.
RUBBER AND BONDS RESTAURANT
Please place your order.
Delicious.
Wipe his mouth first.
Rubble and Bonds Resto,
Is this the restaurant we were looking for?
That's right and they only serve
family group.
Exciting!
Sorry, Bond.
Pets are not allowed.
Ready to order?
We ordered lunch packages today
plus meat pie and smoked salmon.
Just stir-fried chicken, do you want some?
Want to eat that!
Then, at the same time, cover it with a lid.
You guys are lucky.
It just so happens that there is only one left.
Really? Thank goodness then.
- Enjoy your meal!
This is our special menu.
Please stir-fry chicken with peanut sauce.
Looks delicious!
Don't use your hands.
The etiquette is to use a knife and fork.
Oops!
It's amazing that Loid wears a turtle collar.
Two, her taste in clothes changed.
Eh?! Could it be that this is...
One of the signs?!
Even though it's cold here,
I think my clothes are too thick.
So it's true?
I have to ask about that woman.
If Loid really has a girlfriend,
I will...
Is there something wrong?
No, there isn't any.
I'll just ask when Anya isn't around.
Welcome to the Resto Puing and Ikatan.
How does the dish taste?
Awesome. Very delicious.
Call the chef.
I am the chef.
Rubble and Bonds, what a unique name.
You've seen the military aircraft
which is displayed at the station, right?
Yes
It was a plane of two accomplished pilots,
Recky and Brandon during the war.
Phrygitis used to be
harsh air combat terrain.
Phrygic?!
Did you just say Phrygitis?
The location of the air force base...
Yes, although it is not clear,
but the Intelligence Agency is investigating it.
Yuri Briar, permission to take leave.
Hey, wait, what's going on?
My brother is on holiday in Frigis.
My brother could even get lost
in his own city.
What if you get involved in a case...
Wait a minute, the information is not clear yet.
Let me investigate.
We are Security Agency Officers, you know.
Don't just interfere in military affairs.
Older brother!
I lost everything
as a result of relentless air attacks.
My home, my family.
Even eating is difficult.
Sleeping in a roofed place is also not possible.
At that time, there was a small child
who approached me.
He asked for help to take it
food from under the rubble.
The child is an orphan,
same as me.
So that hell does not happen again,
I became a spy.
The warmth at the dinner table that has disappeared,
and the taste of home made by mother,
I want all customers
can enjoy it.
Just consider it personal satisfaction
to entertain my old self.
Please, this is what we've been waiting for.
Here he is?
It's a bit unique indeed.
It's the Special Reconnaissance Regiment
Military Intelligence Agency.
Why is it here?
It smells delicious.
This is the right restaurant.
Sorry sir, our restaurant
only serves family groups.
Bring me lamb pastry
and cod pilaf.
I also ask for mercy.
But, sorry...
I'm sorry sir,
we ran out of meremere today.
What?
Then what is it?
That was the last one.
It doesn't seem to have been touched.
I beg you, even though you are a soldier
please obey the rules.
Military forces have the right to regulate
food supply in the defense area.
I can also close this restaurant.
Oh Lord...
Excuse me.
Thank you for your hard work.
My daughter is looking forward to this meremere,
Can I please choose another dish?
Tourists? Come here just for fun?
Correct.
Travel for delicious food.
Interesting, I think I'm a good match for you.
In that case...
Our tastes are the same,
how about just competing?
If you win,
I will hand over this to you, how about it?
Guess the type of sugar
which is used in all these dishes.
Write your answer here.
Please answer in as much detail as possible.
If our answers are the same?
I'll let you win then.
Okay, please start.
This whiskey cake is baked
perfectly.
I give it a score of 85.
He looked down on me as a common tourist.
I once infiltrated as a chef
in a five star restaurant.
I will win this match.
Show your answer.
From left...
Palm sugar, white granulated sugar...
...and powdered sugar.
R-Right.
Wow, that's great.
Daddy is a sugar expert!
You may too.
Now it's my turn.
Even know the gram measurement?!
How?
Ex-Exactly.
My answer is more detailed.
Dad lost.
Oh no.
I'm satisfied, especially the reminder.
remarkable.
Thank you very much.
Father.
Take it easy, Anya.
Let's eat the meremere tomorrow.
Just take the train,
won't be late for cooking class.
Well...
Ingredients for kneading,
can only come on Monday.
Is it true?!
Can I have the recipe?
The recipe is not written.
Even if there was, I couldn't tell you.
Stingy.
Hush.
How about making another snack?
Anya can't win in the usual way.
The only opportunity that exists is
they are the principal's favorite.
I've lost my hope of getting Stella.
If we buy the ingredients ourselves,
would you mind making one?
Yes of course.
Yor.
It's too early to give up.
This is the ingredient the chef told me about earlier.
There are many too.
Does not matter.
Dried cherries in the front right shop.
Behind it are lingonberries.
On the back shelf of the shop, third from the right
there are hazelnuts.
Got it all.
Wait a moment.
Next is the orange syrup.
Buy one for his wife, Bro?
Moisturizing lipstick that is gentle on the skin
made from genuine Frigis honey.
Wife...
I'll buy one then.
Loid, I don't need it.
You said your lipstick doesn't match, right?
What color is this?
That is true.
The color is nice.
Thank You.
Please.
A-Is this...
Three, sudden gifts.
...a gift for me?
Of course.
Lately he seems gloomy.
Caring for your partner is also part of the mission.
The three signs of cheating have been collected.
Yor?
Um, I...
...want to go to the toilet for a moment.
Yes.
Tired of the journey?
Is Yor okay?
Father!
What is that?!
Sparkling sparkles!
Oh, the supermarket, huh.
- Sparkle!
- Wait, wait, wait!
Don't just hang around like that,
you'll get lost later.
If you find the orange syrup,
I will accompany you around.
Dare to try to get a snack,
locally made snacks or orange syrup?
Orange syrup!
Are you serious?!
It didn't fall at all.
What a waste.
Uncle, one more time!
Uncle, I want one.
Go to hell, honey!
They are so tough.
Not even moving.
Damn, it's already hit!
It's a waste.
No matter how many times, it won't fall.
Apart from the bottom shelf, everything is on hold.
so it doesn't fall.
He's an evil gunman!
So that's it, a common trick.
used in similar kiosks.
I also want to.
Aiming for orange syrup apparently.
Just try it, it will definitely be mental.
What's that?
Win big!
Wow, you are very lucky, sir.
Great, great!
This is not luck.
Do I need to repeat it again?
When selling, it's best to be honest.
Good.
Fall too!
Suddenly it became this easy.
That means we only need one more ingredient.
Anya, we'll take the tram later...
Dad, Dad!
Hey!
Damn, he's...
If you consider Loid's happiness,
should I just back off?
Loid and I are just a fake couple.
Dad, turn around!
Yeah, I know.
What's the fun of riding a vehicle?
which just goes around in circles?
Children cause misunderstanding.
The lipstick matches too.
Thank you very much.
Would you like something to drink?
Hot coffee for example.
I'll have to ask Loid.
But...
What would you like to order?
I'll just have coffee, what do you want, Yor?
What, Yor?
Without relying on the power of alcohol,
I wouldn't dare ask!
Wait, Yor?
If it's that much...
Yor, are you okay?
Loid, you have a lover, right!
Is that right? Answer it!
Yor, you drank too much.
Are Mom and Dad being affectionate?
Loid, come on answer me.
Am I...
Are you alright?
Mom is stoned.
Sorry, I'm so stupid...
I went too far, Loid will be angry.
If it's like this, we'll definitely get divorced.
Divorced?
Divorce is
father and mother will have a big fight,
then the family will be destroyed.
Vibrating like crazy!
Want to be alone together and be affectionate?
Please take a ride on the Ferris wheel!
Affectionate.
Father mother!
Come on up there!
Next please.
Aren't you coming up?
Mom and Dad are just being affectionate.
Being affectionate...
Please take care of Anya, okay, Bond!
Even though he was the one who said he wanted to go up.
What do you want?
Is it because I look gloomy?
It was so bad that Anya was worried too.
Yor, are you okay?
Sorry, I was rude earlier.
It's not that, you've been acting strange since yesterday.
I saw it by accident.
When Loid is alone with your lover.
Beloved?
The woman with the wide-brimmed hat from yesterday.
You misunderstood, he was just asking for directions.
Not a lover.
He asked for directions to the art museum,
I don't even know his name.
So that's how it is.
I thought we were going to get divorced.
How could it be.
But I'm really not qualified.
Good as a mother.
Or as your wife, Loid.
Didn't we promise, Yor.
I...
Whether sick or sad...
Despite the obstacles
no matter what comes our way...
We will help each other.
I will not break that promise.
Lo-Loid... Ouch...
Yor, am I still lacking?
I I...
Yor...
Lol!
Awesome!
Father, Mother, tremble!
The Forger family is finished.
It is not like that.
How to explain it, huh...
Right. We didn't fight.
Brutal affection?
- No!
- No, of course not!
It's already 5 o'clock, right?
Sorry, it must be because I fainted earlier.
Dad, I'm hungry.
Yor, just go back to the hotel first.
Huh?
I will be there
after getting the remaining ingredients.
Anya is coming too!
You also go to the hotel.
McNally's cherry liqueur
very valuable and hard to find.
Like it or not, we have to use illegal methods.
It would be difficult if both of them came along.
Anya, let's just wait at the hotel.
Okay.
Colonel Snidel has arrived!
Route negotiation
with the Republic of Albo finished.
Type F is finished being customized.
Norida class fighter aircraft,
Enormity is ready to take off!
Flight route has been sent
to headquarters.
Good job, Operations Manager.
I will give you a long vacation as a reward.
He leaked our plans to WISE.
Treason means being punished by death.
Quick, let's get out of here.
before he was swarmed by flies.
Oh.
I'm sorry, Colonel.
Later.
Actually, how, huh.
The microfilm has been eaten by someone.
Huh?!
Contact with the agent in Phrygis was lost.
Looks like Snidel
is doing something.
Has he received the microfilm?
The possibility is high.
If that movie
fell into the hands of the Republic of Albo,
the great war of the East and the West
inevitable.
Luckily, Twilight was in Phrygis.
Senior there?
Join Twilight
and seize the microfilm.
Leave it to me!
Not you.
I guarantee the success of this mission!
Hey, follow the orders!
Mission with senior!
Arak! Arak! Arak!
Nothing!
Hotel!
TV in the hotel!
Toilet in the hotel!
Bed in the hotel!
Anya too!
You brought so much.
What is this flashlight for?
Play explore!
What about this one?
Come out too, you bad guy!
I will not give up the spy secret.
Bang!
So you're the boss?
That's right, I'm the boss!
Treasure? Secret?
Please bring all of that back!
Let's compete, Polite Lady Boss!
Let's go!
If that's what you want!
I've searched all the places I wanted,
but there is none.
How about this?
You don't have time.
Franky is really nice.
Easy to chat with
and fun with you.
Well, not really...
Is it okay if I invite a friend later?
There's something I want to talk about.
Of course!
What do you want to talk about?
The phone.
Just leave it.
But...
I have a bad feeling.
Yes yes!
Hello!
It's me.
I already guessed.
Can you find it?
McNally's cherry liqueur?
Aren't you in Phrygis?
Yes, it's hard to get it in Frigis.
- I need it for tomorrow morning.
- Wait...
It was so sudden.
Can you find it?
I will try...
Please, yes.
Wait a minute. Hey!
It takes half a day to get to Frigis, you know!
I've done everything I can,
the rest...
I am home.
WELCOME.
Sorry, I'll be out again.
Now?
In the next town
He said there was a shop that sold alcohol.
It's a bit far indeed,
but the hotel is willing to lend a car.
Father...
I woke you up, okay?
Dad is going again?
Want to look for more materials.
You just sleep.
What is it?
Dad lied.
He said he would be home soon.
Ah, I'm sorry.
Anya must get Stella soon
or Operation Strix will be halted.
If that happens,
This fake family will be finished.
His family... is finished?
Why?
Must get the liquor...
Father!
Anya is coming too!
Don't. I'll be home tomorrow morning.
You just go to sleep, okay?
Anya is just a burden.
Okay.
Sorry, I'll leave Anya in your care.
Oh!
How many people can the loan car fit?
Fits 5 people.
How about we go together?
Yor?
Because...
While we are on a family vacation.
That's what Dad was looking for.
Have to tell Dad!
How did you know it was there?
What?! You can read minds
and Bond can predict the future?!
No, you can't say that.
When my sister was little.
Older brother!
On special days like birthdays
or take a walk.
He will always be a big deal.
Brother, look!
It seems like he's happy to be out all day
play with me.
Anya is the same.
Throughout the journey he was always cheerful.
Anya has been so much fun since she left the orphanage!
Thanks to Dad!
He was really looking forward to this trip.
Her bag is full of snacks
and toys for all of us.
Because it often makes Yuri lonely,
So I understand Anya's feelings.
Surely Anya wants to have fun
with Loid.
Alone separated from family
it feels so lonely.
Loid.
If you want to go to the next city,
how about just being together?
For today only,
let's let Anya stay up late.
That is true.
Room service.
I shouldn't have ordered.
Nightfall?!
I forgot I ordered
plus size bathrobe.
Why are you here?
THERE IS A MISSION.
For room service.
He speaks normally.
It's just the two of us here.
Just the two of us?
I'm also on a mission...
Can be alone with seniors
in a place like this.
Love!
Anya?
And the microfilm is in hot pursuit.
If it falls into the hands of the Albo Republic,
will be the trigger for war.
The one who is carrying out the action is the Commando
Military Intelligence Agency Special Reconnaissance.
Possibly commanded
by Colonel Snidel.
It was the man apparently.
Loid! Anya is missing!
It looks like he got out through the window.
What did you say?!
He left this.
Can't read.
Meet!
Anya!
- Anya!
Reply me!
The girl he was looking for hasn't been found yet.
Correct.
Squads 7 and 8 are combing the highway.
We will continue the search.
Have found?
Not yet, it just feels...
Is this believable?
Thank You.
With this you will get Stella
and the Forger family will be safe.
It's not him, right?
It seems like?
Chocolate thief on the train!
Ouch! Let go of me, you bastard!
Fast!
Just take the east road number 2, okay?
According to the prophecy, the west road...
Whatever, the important thing is hurry up!
We are leaving
after the microfilm was returned.
What about Type F?
Carry him.
After all, there will be war soon.
Anya! Please answer!
Anya!
Damn, where did he go?
Hey, are you okay, Bond?
Where's Anya? She's separated from you, huh?
What do you think it means?
Hold on a minute, Bond.
What's that?
Special Reconnaissance Command?
Don't tell Anya...
...involved in military matters.
Sir, you dropped something.
Our priority now is microfilm.
Please postpone Operation Strix.
Miss Waitress.
Can I ask you for help?
The person who snatched Anya's snack!
Who would have thought you ate that chocolate?
before we met.
You're the boss of thieves, apparently!
Hush, don't you dare mess with the Colonel!
Speak politely!
Did you go to the toilet after that?
Have you pooped yet?
Shit?
Tch, who would have thought microfilm?
Inside the chocolate he can eat.
Damn, I have to wait for him to poop first.
I just killed him.
There's treasure in the chocolate?!
Anya will be killed if she defecates!
Anya is so cute,
so I've never had a bowel movement.
That's a lie, I'm sorry.
Take him, report immediately
if the stool comes out.
Ready to execute!
Oh, you need to poop, huh?
N-No, just cold!
If this is a military aviation radio
still on.
Enormity at the base.
As per operational orders...
I guessed the channel hadn't been changed.
...starting a secret flight
towards the Republic of Albo.
The next connection will use the GC channel.
Aviation code 0714.
What's this...
GC, 0714...
It's cold...
This? Anya's voice?!
Will freeze to death.
Yes, yes, come here!
It's your fault for eating the microfilm.
The microfilm was eaten?
How could that be?
Anya seems to be being cared for by the soldiers.
I just heard it on the radio.
They said they were looking after a 5 year old girl.
The soldiers? How is that possible?
Please step back, I'll be right back.
If I am not mistaken
two people who attacked Anya.
Could it be that they are soldiers?
But if I tell Loid.
Will be found out
if I ever beat them.
How about we go together?
While on family vacation.
The family must be together.
Please, Twilight.
The fate of the world depends
on the fate of the microfilm.
Want to defecate?
No! This is...
Dances taught at school.
If it stops moving...
...will leak!
You're late.
It was long past time for his turn to change.
Sorry. Let me continue by myself.
Who are you?
Senior, can you hear me?
According to the information here.
The fighter plane that Colonel Snidel was riding in
fly in a north-northeast direction.
The distance is about 3 km.
You're amazing to know that far,
in a short time.
You are indeed reliable.
Reliable... Reliable...
Senior, if you want,
whenever I'm ready.
I am ready to be your life partner.
Twilight Seniors.
In my opinion, the wife's role should be
for Operation Strix...
...handed over to me right now.
Senior?
The connection was disconnected.
Yei, yei, yei! Dance from school!
Yeah, yeah..
Dances taught at school...
Oh gosh, I want to go out...
I can't take it anymore...
I am the God of Poop.
God of Poop?
Oh Anya the Hero.
You've fought.
You have fought hard to overcome obstacles
to protect world peace.
It's enough.
You don't have to fight anymore.
Loosen up your butt and take a break,
oh Anya the Hero.
God of Poop...
Defecate...
Let's Go to Toilet Heaven
which is full of peace.
Toilet Heaven!
Shit!
What is the God of Defecation?
Need to poop, huh? Finally!
Never mind!
Still haven't you said anything?
Forgive us.
Then cut open his stomach.
You can, right?
But isn't that...
See, you can do it?
Good!
Three yellow! Three yellow!
What are you doing?
According to my coffee forecast,
yellow color and lucky number 3.
That's no longer a prophecy.
What did the colonel say?
Seriously?!
Please, yes.
No, you're the one being ordered around.
You go there.
How could I do something that scary?
How could I cut open a small child's stomach?
Rock, scissors, paper.
Yes!
I lose!
I'm going to be killed!
I'm the one who can stand it.
Then I split it.
Father mother...
There he is.
Here is Frigid 0988.
In case of emergency
due to fuel system failure.
If left alone, we will fall.
Please allow permission for an emergency landing.
Colonel, unknown aircraft
request permission to land.
Shoot.
But...
Does it sound right?
Please allow me to land.
Seriously.
Even shooting a fly is not good enough!
Stop the warning shots.
Launch anti-aircraft guided missiles.
But...
It's a secret weapon, not allowed
used during peacetime.
There will be war soon.
Launch.
Guided missiles?!
Loid.
Your driving is so rough.
- You got caught too.
- Let go...
Ahhh... Let go!
Father mother!
Don't take it to heart, okay?
Don't!
If this is how it will be...
He's coming!
Take him down!
What is this?!
He ran away!
Hey, stop!
Leaked!
I have to find Anya first.
Hey, what happened? Loid?
Loid?
I have to catch up with Loid immediately.
But from here you can't go down.
In that case...
I have to break through from above.
Check if anyone survived.
Colonel, there's a woman running.
Woman?
There is a woman running
on the outer body of the aircraft.
This is not the time for jokes.
We are trying
disrupting the balance of East and West...
Kill him.
It's clear that he
from the fighter plane earlier.
That means he's the enemy.
Tch, how about this?
Wow.
There was an explosion in Deck block 3A.
Allegedly caused by a grenade.
The woman...
Sorry, I came to pick you up
my husband and daughter.
Oh my, I fainted.
The woman had infiltrated the ship.
Get rid of him.
The explosion that just happened made
the fuel line around it is burning.
The fire is getting wider.
Turn it off immediately.
What is it this time?!
The fire had reached the engine room.
There are only a few people here,
you guys go put out the fire!
How about the woman?
Deploy Type F.
But, isn't that...
I told you.
Now is war.
Stop!
I said stop!
Got you! Uwah...!
Me.. Ahhh...!
Where is he?!
He's here!
There, let's look there!
Damn, where did he go?
Toilet!
- Why did it happen?
- Is it true that he is alone?
No.
He said he was a long-haired man.
What was that explosion just now?
What was the impact of the collision?
I might as well take advantage of this chaos.
Direct the remaining personnel
to the engine room.
Good.
I'll borrow your form for a moment.
Fast!
It's over if the fire goes out
up to the ammunition room.
Excuse me, I want to pick you up.
my husband and daughter.
- Has anyone seen them?
- That's the woman in question!
Just start shooting.
So they really are bad people
who attacked Anya on the train?
If it's true...
Almost.
My toilet paper predictions are great, aren't they?
Oh no...
His son was successfully arrested.
Bring him here immediately.
Who are you?
Please stop attacking.
That's all it seems...
...Miss Intruder.
It seems I have no other choice.
The ammunition room cooling engine is dead!
Where are the hostages?
Hostage?
A small child, who is 5 years old.
Just now, NCO Domitri
take him to the bridge.
The platform?
Have you said anything?
At least he used the ship's toilet,
should be in the holding tank.
There is still a possibility
left on his body.
Put him in the room downstairs.
After this commotion was over,
I will be the one to split him.
The Colonel himself?
Coincidentally, I wanted to eat kebab.
So I just bought a big knife.
Hurry up and go there you guys!
Good!
But... where to?
Immediately enter the holding tank...
...and look for the microfilm
in that sea of shit!
If not...
I will also chop you up like kebabs.
Ready to execute!
Damn, what bad luck.
It's because of a greedy kid that he's so unlucky.
My arm still hurts
because of being bitten by a stupid dog.
Excuse me.
There isn't any.
This should be the only platform.
What is it?
I came to report
extinguishing process on Colonel.
Later.
I am busy.
Anya should have been brought here.
But where is he?
Dad is coming!
I told you later.
Go, hurry.
If I stop, I will be suspicious.
How about this?
Dad, Anya is here!
Father...
...already realized!
Excuse me.
Wait, Captain.
Since when did you smell?
so like a city person?
Tourists at the Restaurant
Rubble and Bonds apparently!
Damn, it was just a little bit more.
Don't underestimate a gourmet's sense of smell.
Guard the exit!
Don't let him escape!
He himself.
Surround and finish him off!
This...
This won't hurt me.
How about this?
That's great, but...
A newly developed poison gas grenade.
I'll try it here.
Poison gas?!
Dad is in danger!
It's Anya's turn to save Dad!
Instead of meremere,
eat this!
Gas?!
Father!
What happened?!
Why are you silent?
Shoot this impostor!
I'm the real one, shoot him quickly!
You bastard!
You're the only one with a sharp nose.
That means there's just another scam left.
What a cunning person.
I will skin it and make it
your fried pork skin!
Want to skin me, huh?
Don't think my skin is that thin...
...until you can skin it easily!
Which one is that?
What is the original?
You think I will lose
with a cheater?
S-sorry, sir!
We must head to the Albo Republic immediately.
Abandon ship.
Abandon ship?
Abandon this ship?
Soldiers must obey the orders of their superiors.
This ship has reached its limit.
We leave the ship
and continue operations from land.
All personnel, abandon ship.
What about the Colonel?
Hurry up and go!
Execute!
All personnel abandon ship!
Fast!
Excuse me!
It's useless waiting for my bullets to run out.
The bullet...
...is in the body.
This is the final warning.
Please get out of there.
I...
...just want to pick up
my husband and daughter.
Don't joke.
You guys rot here
shared future of East and West.
Oh, I see.
It's useless.
The knife won't be able to...
Lipstick?
Half of the lipstick...
...it is said to be made of oil.
Father!
Anya!
Are you okay, Anya?
Cherry wine?
How do you...
The ingredient Dad's been looking for!
That's why you ran away from the hotel?
Anyway, we have to run away.
- Yor?!
- Mom!
Loid! Anya!
Mom!
Are you two hurt?
Yor yourself, how come you're here?
What?
That... I didn't mean to.
jump into Loid's plane.
Accidentally jump?
Because that's why...
Didn't we promise?
to hang out together?
Therefore...
But why did it come to this...
By the way,
what are the people here
are they really soldiers?
How, yeah...
Th-They stole the chocolate!
Anya was chased by accident
eat their precious chocolate on the train!
So that's the reason.
It turns out they were hiding
microfilm in chocolate.
I-I've heard!
Chocolate Snatchers Gang.
In cold areas, it often occurs
stealing chocolate to warm the body.
Who would have thought they too
stealing a military ship.
It turns out that there are many bad people in this world.
You said it was unintentional
eat the chocolate?
What are you doing?!
Luckily, he was still safe.
That's right, Anya.
Don't take it carelessly
other people's stuff.
Forgive me.
Come on, get down from here,
This ship is about to crash.
Father mother!
If it's like this, it will fall in that city.
Father...
I'll run away later.
I'll crash this ship outside the city.
Can you drive it?
When I was in school, I did it once.
during part-time work.
Loid is great.
Uh, what is that?
Coming over here?
Why, does it feel like it's burning?
What is that?
Damn, the propulsion system
and the elevator is dead.
Father, fight!
Stay cool.
The rudder fins are still functional.
Let me help you.
Anya too!
Senior.
What a splash!
Isn't that...
Microfilm?!
It's stuck in his teeth, apparently?
What's that?
Our return ticket.
Military fighter plane crash
at lake Phrygis last night...
...due to an accident
during flight training...
Frigid. My sister said she was on holiday there,
is he okay?
Yuri, please document this too.
Why should we help
solve their problems?
Don't be like that, if there is an accident
due to the negligence of the army,
the people will panic.
WISE is suspected of interfering in this case.
But there is no information left.
Who can do this kind of thing.
Could it be that this is his doing again?
Twilight!
Good job, Twilight.
State Security Agency
help put out the fire...
...but it seems your tracks
there is nothing left.
Correct.
The Forger family just enjoys
just a family vacation.
Speaking of Operation Strix...
I have news about that too.
Operation Strix is back
handed over to you.
Eh? Then what about Depple?
Someone leaked it
if he is cheating.
Then he was dumped by his father-in-law
who is a politician...
...and the problem of withdrawing his mission
so it's not clear.
It was a bad moment for him.
Instead, he acted so stupidly.
Sorry for keeping you waiting.
How is your patient?
There were no serious injuries.
I thought something was wrong
until I got a sudden call.
In that case, thank God.
Father!
There are no fish!
It's called a fountain.
Mom!
Yes?
Even though Operation Strix was resumed,
I can't be careless.
This time must focus
to get Stella.
The Forger Family isn't over yet!
Let us go home.
We will practice making meremere
for cooking class tomorrow.
Practice, practice!
Duh, duh!
Mom!
Dad, hold my hand.
Anya wants to make a delicious snack!
I will help too.
Yor you better not...
Anya can make it herself.
Oh, yeah. This is Anya's cooking class.
Anya will fight!
Definitely get first place!
The preparation was perfect.
I will make an orange layer cake.
Have been practicing with my family's pastry chef.
What does Anya want to do?
Remember.
Remember?
A very old snack.
If it turns out well, hopefully there will be a second son
also want to try it.
Plan B, the friends with benefits plan.
Anya, isn't that...
W-Why do I have to eat?
what snacks do you make?
You country bumpkin!
Do you really not want to?
Stupid, stupid!
Who wants to eat your cooking!
Makes you vomit! You idiot!
Stupid!
He is so evil.
The friends with benefits plan failed miserably.
Anya is back.
It seems to have failed.
Anya, how was the cooking class?
Completely destroyed.
The school kitchen is damaged,
cooking class postponed.
Due to schedule changes, the jury will
replaced by the vice principal.
If not the principal,
they are useless.
Deputy head...
If I'm not mistaken, I've read it before
in the school newspaper...
...he likes berry pudding
from the south.
Want to go there?
Come on!
Want to!
The southern area is here.
It was warm, so we packed little.
Close to the sea.
The sea!
Byur! Byar, byur!
Anya, yesterday it wasn't the sea,
but just a lake.
Great opportunity
to learn to swim.
Let's bring playing cards too.
Let's play poker!
That's right joker,
if poker is gambling.
Hey, Loid!
I have brought it
McNally's cherry liqueur!
Hey!
[ ♪♪♪ ARCLOUD Api ♪♪♪ ]